[Snoring]
[Engine turns over]
[Snoring continues]
[All snoring]
[Rumble]
[Gasps]
What's that?!
[Engine turns off]
Hah!
Hyah!
Back off!
Relax!
Lighten up.
It's me.
- Huh?
Blast it, Sam.
Don't you have any idea
what time it is?
Sure, I do.
It's morning.
It's 3:00 A. M.
So, it's a little early.
You're lucky I held myself back.
I was just about to batter you
like a chicken cutlet.
I'm going back to bed.
I hope you didn't wake
the neighbors.
Huh?
Hmm.
[Sarcastically] Nice.
They're all up.
Huh?
[Moaning]
What's going on?
Huh?
Where'd all those people
come from?
SONIC:
I don't know.
Looks like they're lined up
for a parade.
Hey, Sam, isn't that a new car?
I'm here to challenge Sonic
to a road race.
- A race?
Hold on.
This is a rocket engine.
That's the SS-3
Super Rocket Engine.
It was designed by top engineers
at the Office
of Science and Technology.
Over a billion dollars
went into its development.
[Engine turns over]
Sonic, I'm gonna prove
once and for all
I'm the fastest guy
on the planet!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
Sonic, are you gonna race
against my Uncle Sam?
No way.
Hey, wait!
You know, for a hedgehog,
you sure are spineless.
Hey, Sonic, we have a race.
Huh?!
Huh?
Morning already?
Sonic says he won't race.
See?
Huh?
He will race.
The starting line will be
in front of this house.
From here, we'll speed downtown,
straight through the heart
of Station Square.
After we blast across the bridge
out of the city,
the competition
will really heat up
as we zoom through the desert
and navigate the twists
and turns of the canyon.
A hairpin turn
will lead us back to the city.
The winner will be the one
who reaches the stadium first.
There'll be thousands of fans
to cheer us on,
including the president
waiting at the finish line.
The president?
He's gonna congratulate
the winner on live TV.
The coverage will increase
his poll numbers.
The president is sure to win
re-election in a landslide.
But why would the government
let Uncle Sam use their rocket
for a race with Sonic?
The S-3 was expensive,
and they think the race
will increase taxpayer support
for the project.
Yeah, you got it.
Except we're not gonna race.
Oh?
What's the matter, Sonic?
Are you afraid that,
when our race is over,
you'll be known as the second
fastest guy on the planet?
I'm not gonna take no
for an answer, Sonic,
and I won't let up
until you agree to race me!
Why couldn't I have
a normal family?
Look, Sam, you can't expect
Station Square to shut down
just so you two can have a race.
Oh, yeah?
You want to bet?
They're just about ready for the
big race here at Station Square.
The streets will soon be
completely clear of traffic,
and an enormous crowd is
gathering all along the course,
waiting for the race to start.
Wow.
They're cheering now for
the sponsors of today's race.
The popular movie star
Lindsey Fair
and her husband mogul husband,
Nelson Thorndyke.
This keeps getting worse.
I'll bet my nightcap
that your uncle's the one
who got them involved
in this ridiculous race.
Well, Sonic, you're not gonna
disappoint that crowd, are you?
They've been waiting for hours
to see us go human-to-hedgehog.
Tough.
Ugh!
Come on!
[Sighs]
Hello, my dear.
[Smooching]
Mmm.
[Telephone rings]
Aah!
Ugh!
Ugh. Oh.
Yeah?
Who's this?
SAM: Sonic won't race me!
Do something!
The president should
order him to compete!
Who is this?
[Dial tone]
Huh.
[Yawns]
Sonic won't race.
Hmm, that's too bad.
But if he won't race...
[Yawns]
What?!
If Sonic doesn't race Sam Speed,
my career's over.
ALL: The president lied
about the race,
so kick him out in disgrace!
NELSON: The president
will probably be impeached
before the next election,
and all because
Sonic won't race.
We've got to do something!
We'll call out the military!
The Army.
The Navy.
And the Air Force!
[Laughing evilly]
That should help convince Sonic
to change his mind!
No, the Secretary of Defense
will probably
make a fuss about it.
I know!
I'll go over his head!
And that is checkmate.
[Growls]
You cheater!
Loser.
What?!
I built you,
and I can unbuild you.
Ugh!
I'll checkmate you!
You pawn!
I promise that I will let you
win next time, Doctor.
There won't be a next time.
Huh?
[Beeping]
Dr. Eggman, I have
a proposition for you.
Oh, yeah?
Who are you?
That doesn't matter.
Now, you want to settle
the score with Sonic?
Huh?
Yes. Maybe.
What if I told you that Sonic
had been challenged to race
against a high-tech rocket car
designed by the government?
Really?
Is that so?
In fact, Sonic is so scared
he'll be defeated
that he turned us down.
Aah!
And so you need me
to get Sonic in the race?
That's it?
You convince Sonic
to enter that race,
and I'll get you front-row seats
to an ice show.
Are you nuts?
An ice show?
I love figure skating!
Oh, please, can we go?
We will work day and night
without complaining.
Not even behind your back
like we usually do.
Hmm.
All right.
But how do I know this isn't
some kind of elaborate trick
you're playing on me?
Look in my eyes,
and you'll see I'm sincere.
[Both gasp]
Well, then, I'll do it.
I'll need a robot to stop Sonic.
Me?
I'll rebuild this one
into a model that forces Sonic
to enter the race.
No! Please, Doctor!
Not me!
It's cool.
It does look fast.
My Uncle Sam wouldn't drive it
it if wasn't cool and fast.
[Bokkun laughing]
Oh, brother.
Where's Sonic?
I have to see him now.
I brought a message with me.
Wake up.
I have a message for you.
Huh? [Gasps]
Relax.
I promise this one
isn't gonna blow up in the end.
All right.
What is it?
You better enter that race,
Sonic,
or else you'll
have to face this.
Hi, there.
Mmm.
[Smooching]
Aah!
[Laughing]
Huh?
Ugh!
Aah!
[Laughing]
[Smooching]
Yuck. I don't want to
take any lip from that robot.
[Laughing]
[Engine turns over]
Huh?
I'm not gonna take no
for an answer, Sonic,
and I won't let up
until you agree to race me!
[Laughing]
Then I'll race.
Aah!
[Crying]
[Engine revving]
Are you gonna play with
that pedal all day?
- Huh?
Or are we gonna have a race?
Hmm.
I just don't get it.
What made Sonic change his mind?
I guess he couldn't
resist the challenge.
On your mark.
Get set.
[Chuckles]
Go!
Ugh!
This is Scarlet Garcia
reporting from News Chopper One.
We now continue
our live coverage
of the road race of the century,
as Sonic the Hedgehog
takes on Sam Speed.
After a delayed start,
the racers left
the Thorndyke mansion
and are now speeding
through downtown Station Square.
Hey, Sam.
Yeah, what?
I thought this was
supposed to be a road race,
but your rocket car doesn't
even touch the asphalt.
What's up?
That thing
doesn't even have wheels.
Yeah?
Look close.
Huh?
You see, the wheels
guide the glide.
What if you get a flat?
Our racers are about to enter
the most dangerous part
of the course
as they steer through
these narrow streets
at super-high speed.
But is the rocket car
maneuverable enough
to make those
hypervelocity turns?
It'll be easy.
Oh, yeah?
Then prove it.
Great.
Sonic's gone way ahead.
Commence Project Straightaway
now.
Roger.
[Laughs]
Sorry, Sonic,
but being chief of the "S" Team
gives me the kind of clout that
really opens doors in this city.
[Laughs]
[Gasping]
That wasn't fair.
Tough luck.
Oh!
Get off of my hood, Sonic!
Ah, nice breeze here.
Hitching a ride
is against the rules!
Tough luck.
Ugh!
Ha!
Okay, you got me, but would you
mind moving to the back some
so I can see where I'm going?
Huh?
Thank you.
Right here?
Further back.
How's this?
Great. Right there
will do just fine.
[Chuckles]
Aah!
[Laughs]
Bye, Sonic.
Strange.
What's Sonic doing?
Why is he going the wrong way?
It certainly is an odd tactic.
[Laughs evilly]
That rocket car
is my kind of mean machine.
Have to try that spring trick
on Sonic myself.
Okay, go, Sumo Man.
Huh?
That that can't be Sonic.
You may not pass.
Turn back.
A roadblock?
Hey!
Turn back or be destroyed!
[Grunts]
Take that!
Sucker.
Huh?
Stop now!
I order you to halt
and reverse your course now!
Ugh!
How could I have missed Sonic?
Dr. Eggman will punish me.
I had better punish myself
first.
Ugh!
Aah!
That robot kissed me!
Bokkun, it might have been
a lot worse, you know.
You could have been accidentally
kissed by Dr. Eggman.
What a revolting thought.
We blew it.
Well, don't blame me.
I did my job.
Kiss off, you clown!
Aah!
Are you all right?
Let me kiss and make it better.
[Smooching]
[Growling]
Wow, it's already lunchtime.
Huh?
Hey, you want a bite?
No, thanks.
Come to think of it,
I am pretty hungry.
CHRIS:
Hey, Sonic!
Huh?
Ella sent some ham sandwiches
and milk for you.
Wow, thanks, Chris.
That looks...
- Ohh.
My bad.
[Chuckles]
I'll pass on the sandwich.
Sorry, Sonic.
See you at the finish line.
Right.
This road race
is still up for grabs
as our racers prepare
to speed through the canyon.
Our racers
have reached the halfway point
and are now speeding back
toward Station Square.
Sonic and Sam Speed are still
running neck and neck.
What's taking the president
so long?
The race
is going to finish soon.
[Ringing]
Hello?
What?!
But can't the president
hold his emergency
security meeting later?
All right,
if it can't be changed.
I'll fill in.
It's just as well.
I'm more photogenic
than the president anyway.
In fact, I'm more lovable
than my boring boss, too.
I can use this race
to launch my own campaign!
Then the world
will call me Mr. President!
[Laughing]
AMY:
What are you laughing at?
Huh?!
Huh?
Oh, nothing.
[Laughing]
Now the two challengers
are racing into the city
and pulling out all the stops
as they speed
toward the stadium!
[Cheering]
[Grunting]
Come on, Sonic.
All right.
It's rocket time!
Look out!
Sam Speed is pulling away!
Oh, yeah?
[Grunting]
AMY:
Sonic?
Awesome!
Well, it looks like
we have a tie.
That was close.
The judges will examine photos
to see if
they can determine a winner.
The results will be posted
on the stadium monitor.
Amazing!
Sonic not only
crossed the finish line first,
he went back for an encore!
Sonic is the winner!
[Cheering]
Congratulations!
Huh?
Aw, it's no big deal.
LINDSEY:
Oh, Sonic.
- Huh?
Well done.
Thanks a lot.
Hmm?
[Chuckles]
Hmm.
NELSON:
Sonic!
Hmm?
That was just great.
Sonic, shake my hand.
Hurry up so they can
take our picture together.
[Cellphone ringing]
Hello?
Oh, hi, there, Vivian.
What?!
I'm under investigation for
negotiating with Dr. Eggman?!
Ugh!
- Over here.
- Right here.
Oh! There's no way
I'll be president now!
Ugh!
Hmm.